contribute: update bug-bounty-program.md (#1656)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/contribute/bug-bounty-program.md

* [Forum](https://forum.polygon.technology)
* [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/0xPolygon)

> You are encouraged to explore the following opportunities in our Bug Bounty Programs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are encouraged to explore the following opportunities in the Bug Bounty Program:
```

> * [Immunefi POS](https://immunefi.com/bounty/polygon/): this program focuses on all Smart Contract and Blockchain assets related to Polygon PoS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Immunefi POS](https://immunefi.com/bounty/polygon/): this program focuses on all smart contracts and blockchain assets related to Polygon PoS mainnet.
```

> * [Immunefi zkEVM](https://immunefi.com/bounty/polygonzkevm/): this program focuses on all Smart Contract and Blockchain assets related to Polygon zkEVM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Immunefi zkEVM](https://immunefi.com/bounty/polygonzkevm/): this program focuses on all smart contracts and blockchain assets related to Polygon zkEVM.
```

> * [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com/polygon-technology): this program focuses on all web applications and other assets under Polygon Labs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com/polygon-technology): this program focuses on web applications and other assets under Polygon Labs.
```
